###About
This is a framework written in Objective-C for quickly developing iOS apps by adding contents. It is developed while I was trying to create apps with cheetsheet or teaching people with some computer science stuff. Since I have a plan with a long list of Python programming language, Linux Adminstration and Shell programming, Algorithms, Java Programming, Big Data with Hadoop, MySQL, NoSQL databases and so on. This list is actually what I knew or something that I have just learned. It will be a very laborous if I try to develop inherent iOS UI for each of them. Thus I came up the idea of developing a framework with which I could simple fill contents.
It will present my contents in webview component. On the other hand, the contents are organized and formatted with HTML. 

###How To Use
To use this framework, simply create your own project in Xcode and copy this framework to your project folder(it may replace some of your project files). The only files that your are working on are the NoteList.plist and files in the Htmls folder. Put your content file names in the NoteList.plist and create actual corresponding files with same name in the Htmls directory. The framework could automatically detect your content files in Html folder and match them with data in NoteList.plist file. Then tabs and table cells are also automatically generated. One example is my app [DataStructuresAndAlgorithmsInC](https://itunes.apple.com/US/app/id908877721). 

Note, the cards are generated by jQuery in content HTML files but not this framework. You could make any UI using essentially the same skills used by website front-end developers.